import random
print("Hello there!\nThis is a Story Generator.")
readername = str(input("Please enter your name: "))
print("Welcome " + readername)
names = ["Abhay","Thomas","Manav","John","Harvey","Jessie","Shubh","Mukesh","Rahul","Abhimanyu","Aryan"]
place = ["in the park for exercise.","at the mall for shopping.","at the beach for a stroll.","at the railway station to recieve his friend.","at the petrol pump.","on his way to the airport.","at a cafe to have brunch."]
when = ["Once upon a time, ","On one fine morning, ","One day, "]
plot = ["  He saw that in a nearby road a man on a scooter had collided with a car and fell down. He rushed to the spot and with help from people removed the scooter above him and lifted him to the car’s backseat. Then he told the driver of the car to rush to the Hospital nearby meanwhile he put a cloth around the man’s injury. He with help from car driver got the injured man admitted immediately, called the injured person’s wife and told her directions of the hospital, and when she came, told her about the scooter and details of his admission","  He got a call from the director of music company. They decided to meet at a coffee shop. The director told him that they are going to launch an album after six months which is being produced by some of the top musical artists in our country and this album is going to be huge hit. But there is a inevitable problem of piracy they face because of which we loses a big amount of money in market. He asked a time period of three months. He made a team of engineers of web technology, data encrpytion and data transfer over internet. After entensive research they build a tool over web that can self destroy data after first use. They made a presentation and presented in front of music company. They informed them music will be distributed over web rather on disks, registered user can listen song once for free, after that they have to pay 1 rs. To listen. They can download as many time as they want for 1rs. Each time, and each song can be listened only once after that it would erase itself. Company liked the idea of his team and they finalised deal with them. He and his team developed a sophisticated website for music to launch and launched music successfully. Later this became the most favourite way of launching music for music companies."," He got a call from his neighbour that the neighbor's son has been declared dead by doctors. He was suffering from blood cancer, His blood type is very rare among population and they could not find donor at the time. He consulted doctors about availability of donors, doctors told him that donors are available but we are only restricted to our storage capacity, there is no way to find more donors though there are many people who will help if asked on time. Then he decided to create a website that will show the blood groups of people of that area along with their contact numbers. He started his plan from school of that neighbour's son. He knew school conducted blood group test of admitted students. He appealed school authority to share that data with his website. He grew database school by school and from children to their parents. Later that website was linked with the website of government hospitals. This information helped a lot in cases of blood cancer and accidents. Later government decided to endorse and fund his website and take this project to other cities of India as well."," after that, he along with his class and teachers went to visit a NGO as part of NSS activity. That NGO was helping poor people suffering from diseases those medical costs are very high and for them who are unable to pay their medical expences. There he met a woman who was suffering from cancer. She was not getting the full dose of medicines. As there were many patients in that NGO and funds were limited. He wrote the medicine names from patient's prescriptions. After visiting the NGO, he started searching about cheap medicine those could be given in place of those medicines. He went to visit his biological teachers, he met pharmaceutical shops and some well known ayurvedic and homopethic practioners. He later went back to NGO and suggested some ayurvedic and homeopethic medicines available in place of those costly medicines that are being used for patients. He also suggested NGO to use generic medicines as their cost is way cheaper. NGO volunteers told that they are aware of generic drugs but they are not available in our area. He plans to send an application of local MLA and request them to set up a generic drug shop. He brought that intiative to their principal and took the signature of students and teachers of the whole school and forwarded their application to MLA. MLA happily accepted their purposal and promised them to set up shop as soon as possible."]

randomtime = random.choice(when)
randomname = random.choice(names)
randomplace = random.choice(place)
randomplot = random.choice(plot)

story = randomtime + randomname + " was " + randomplace + randomplot

print(story)